Reverse ETL FAQ update for email notifications (#5852)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/reverse-etl/index.md

#### Why do my sync results show *No records extracted* when I select *Updated records* after I enable the mapping? 
It's expected that when you select **Updated records** the records do not change after the first sync. During the first sync, the reverse ETL system calculates a snapshot of all the results and creates records in the `_segment_reverse_etl` schema. All the records are considered as *Added records* instead of *Updated records* at this time. The records can only meet the *Updated records* condition when the underlying values change after the first sync completes.

#### Can I be notified when Reverse ETL syncs fail?

> Yes, you can sign up for Reverse ETL sync notifications:
> 
> 1. Open the Segment app.
> 2. Go to Settings > User Preferences.
> 3. In the Activity Notifications section, select 'Reverse ETL'.
> 4. Enable 'Reverse ETL Sync Failed'.
> 
> In case of consecutive failures, we will send notifications on every sync failure.
> 
> Note: Currently, we don't send notifications for partial failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can sign up for Reverse ETL sync notifications.

To receive Reverse ETL sync notifications: 
1. Go to Settings > User Preferences.
2. Select **Reverse ETL** In the **Activity Notifications** section.
3. Enable the toggle for **Reverse ETL Sync Failed**.

In case of consecutive failures, Segment sends notifications for every sync failure. Segment doesn't send notifications for partial failures.
```
